Downloaded from
YTS.MX
[wind whooshing]
[dramatic music]
Official YIFY movies site:
YTS.MX
[soft music]
[wind whooshing]
[dramatic music]
[flames crackling]
[wind whooshing]
Matilda Watson's dead.
[intense music]
- [Charlie] I don't think
you seem to grasp the concept
of what I am saying.
I don't care what the
collateral damage is.
This is a monumental
day for me so I want you
to stop complaining and get on
with the fucking job
I'm paying you for!
[intense percussive music]
This is really inconvenient.
I'm taking a product
to market and have a press
conference in 20 minutes.
- [Jordan] Well
let's get it done.
[Charlie sighing]
Leo.
Charlie.
Bit dramatic.
Has he said anything useful?
- The usual. begging
for his life and shit.
- Please Mr Knight.
I swear to god.
I had no idea what
Tom was doing!
I mean. how would I?
I'm a scientist!
I've been working on
this for six years!
And I've never leaked
any information.
I'm loyal to you.
I always have been!
Shhhh. Robert.
It's okay. I know.
Sir.
We good?
It's started.
[Robert breathing heavily]
Robert.
your work on this drug
is groundbreaking.
The last six years
haven't been in vain.
You will make millions
of families happy.
What about my family?
I've got two little kids.
Please. I really want
to see them again.
Each great idea has a face.
And this. isn't it.
- Don't do this.
please Charlie. please!
I swear on my kids lives.
I didn't know what
Tom was doing.
And I believe you.
But just to be sure.
[ominous music]
[gun firing]
[high pitch
frequency resonating]
Fuck sake!
How many more times!
Wait till I've left the room.
you'll burst my
fucking ear drums!
Christ. I've got a press
conference with ringing
in my fucking ears.
- [Reporter] This
is certainly a fifth
of November to remember
after today's shocking
attack in Battersea.
Witnesses reported gun
shots and smoke coming
from within the building.
Police have confirmed this
was a targeted incident.
however it is unknown
whether it is linked
to the recent spate
of Arson attacks
on medical research
facilities across the UK.
[siren wailing]
[gentle orchestral music]
Hi.
You must be Mr.
and Mrs. Thompson?
So sorry we're late.
- Yeah. there was a
delay on the tubes.
I'm not sure what was happening.
No worries at all.
I'm Matilda Watson.
I'll be showing you round today.
Uh. shall we?
If I can ever find
the right key that is.
It's alright. no rush.
- Er. so have you
guys come far today?
- I mean-
- Ha.
Here we go.
So. this is the main hallway.
Ah. smells a bit.
It has been empty a while.
As you can see though. it's
spacious and it gets plenty
of natural light.
Oh. that's a good thing.
- [Matilda] Why don't we take
a look at the living room.
- Oh. big fan of
the high ceilings.
- Me too. it's one
of the great things
about a period
property like this.
You've also got the
lovely bay window here.
Ah. nice.
- [Matilda] So. what
do we think so far?
Yeah.
So far. so good.
- Next room?
- Sure. okay.
So this is the dining room.
again its a really
good sized space.
You've got the back
doors there that open out
on to the garden area.
Is it side access?
Yes.
Gated. this house offers
up a lot of privacy.
Been looking long?
- Ahh. about-
- 13 months.
That is a long time.
Yeah. it's too long.
We're very particular.
- I've got a good
feeling about this house.
Mmm.
- Well. hopefully this is
the end of your search then.
Fingers crossed.
Ah. that being said. I'm
going to have to ask you
to keep an open mind
with this next room.
[gentle orchestral
music continues]
Wow.
- I take it this is
why it hasn't sold?
[soft music]
What happened?
- I'm aware it doesn't
look like much right now.
- but. actually-
- What happened?
- Clearly. there has been
an accident in this room.
and we've only been able
to get the decorators in.
in the last couple weeks.
They actually started
in the dining room.
then they're going to be
making their way in here.
But I can guarantee you. by
the time you guys move in.
it's going to be as good as new.
Please tell me no one died?
- Yeah. that's not really the
vibe that we're going for.
- Listen. you seem
like a lovely couple.
so let me level with you.
Full disclosure. I actually
don't know all the details.
I've only started
working for the agency
just over a week and a half ago.
but from what I
understand unfortunately
the owner did lose
his life in a fire.
I know. I know. that's
going to be off-putting
to some potential buyers.
but that is reflected
in the price.
Truth be told. a
substantial proportion
of house sales happen every
year due to unexpected deaths.
Go and have a little
look through there.
[gentle orchestral music]
So. in my opinion this is the
real treasure of this house.
A 90-foot garden.
This is 90 foot?
- Yeah. your own
sprawling estate.
- Bet you're going
to get a great view
of the fireworks tonight.
Oh yeah.
Totally forgot it
was Bonfire Night.
It's all lit up by these
solar powered fairy lights.
which it's a nice touch I think.
- I have always wanted
solar powered fairy lights.
Stop it.
What?
Are you keen gardeners?
We can be.
- Personally. I would kill
for a garden this size.
Can we see the upstairs?
Yeah. of course.
I mean you're my
last tour of the day.
so there's no rush if
you wanna have a little-
- Sorry.
[phone buzzing]
Oh. it's work.
I've got to take this.
I'll see you up there.
[Both] Okay.
So. this is the main bedroom.
It's a bit dark.
Oh yeah. sorry about that.
I forgot to draw the blinds.
I don't know if
you're into flowers.
but personally I quite
like the attention
to detail with these
little wall paintings.
As you can see though. I
mean there's just so much
you can play with in here.
The previous owner actually
had a little reading nook
in the corner of the um...
[tense music]
Mr. Thompson?
Are you okay?
I'm fine.
You're bleeding.
It's nothing.
- No. I'll get-
[tense music]
[fist thudding]
- You promised you wouldn't
be brash this time.
- She looked like she
was going to scream.
It was efficient.
- Yeah. but not
very imaginative.
- I'm going to need you
To put on your vest this time. just in case.
In case of what?
Ha.
Fat lot of good it did you.
- Yeah. well. all my vital
organs are still in tact.
So...
Oh. shit.
I am going to need you
to help me patch this up.
- You know you were lucky
there's an exit wound.
- Oh yeah. I was.
I was just thinking
about how lucky this was.
It's almost dark.
- That's when the
real fun begins.
[fireworks popping]
[tense music]
- A manhunt is currently
underway in the Battersea area
as police search for two
unidentified armed assailants.
who reportedly fled the scene
after the building
went up in flames.
One man was pronounced
dead at the scene
and another remains
in critical condition.
As firefighters continue
to battle the blaze.
police are advising people
in the area to be both
cautious and vigilant.
London is literally
burning on bonfire night.
That was you?
You killed someone?
Allegedly.
Oh. you looking for this?
Why do you want to know?
Worried I'm going
to kill you too?
Because that really depends on
whether you're as flammable
as you are curious.
You find it?
No. I didn't fucking find it.
Why can't I get a fucking
light on in this house?
I don't know.
Will you calm down?
- That's the wrong answer.
you think very carefully
before you speak again.
Maybe the power's down.
There's a fusebox.
Okay. there's a fusebox. good.
Where's the fucking fusebox?
It's Under the stairs.
- Come on-
- Wait!
Enough. Jack.
She's going to make
too much noise.
- You going to make
too much noise?
She's fine.
Fix it!
- What?
- Fix it!
I don't know how to fix it.
- Alright fine. I'm sorry.
its just I can't
actually see anything!
Oh. fuck.
Well. now you can.
Will you keep your voice down?
We have to be more careful.
It's all over the news.
They closed the roads.
That doesn't change anything.
We always knew
they might do that.
- They're going to start
doing door to-doors.
if they haven't already!
- Well. we will cross
that bridge if it comes.
Anything?
Try it now.
[switch clicking]
Right. that's it!
- No no. wait I. I vaguely
remember them saying
something about this.
I think the fire did something
to the lighting circuit.
It's why we don't do
evening viewings here.
What good is that to me?
I don't know. I'm sorry.
- That's enough. we need
to be sensible right now.
- How we supposed to
do this in the dark?
I don't know!
You could use the work lights.
What?
The workers.
they leave their lights
in the dining room.
They're portable. you
can just plug them in.
And I'm guessing the table lamps
will probably work as well.
- Well. someone's
a clever captive.
[hand knocking on door]
[Ruth] Hello.
Shit!
- [Lena] Place is
empty. maybe they'll go.
[hand knocking on door]
[Ruth] Hello?
We need to get rid of her.
Is everything okay in there?
We could use a bit more tact?
What?
No.
Get to the door.
don't try and be smart.
What am I supposed to say?
Whatever gets rid of her.
- You try and run. I'm
gonna kill you both. clear?
[tense music]
Go.
Sorry to trouble you.
I live next door.
[Matilda] Oh. hi.
I heard noises.
Well the house had
been empty for so long.
I thought I better check
I wasn't going mad.
Is it not still classed
as a crime scene then?
- No. it's just gone
back up on the market.
you know what it's like.
Red tape.
I'm actually the estate agent
for the house.
[high pitch
frequency resonating]
Sorry dear.
I'm having a bit
of trouble with.
[sighing] bloody thing.
Can't hear anything
most of the time.
What did you say dear?
I'm the estate agent.
Oh really?
You work late. don't you?
- Yeah. er. no. not
normally. it's just because
there's work going on in the
kitchen I've had to oversee.
Oh gosh. from the fire?
- Well. I mean. I can't
really say too much about it.
but yeah.
Oh. terrible that was.
Poor Tom.
He was a lovely lad.
He wasn't here very long.
He always used to
cut my grass for me.
I'm sorry.
- My daughter lives
in Australia now
with my grandson so I really
don't see many people anymore.
Tickets are too expensive
for an old bird like me.
Oh. its okay.
I love my own
company. it's just.
when you see things on
the news like today.
you wonder what the
world is coming to.
There's some awful
bad people out there.
What would possess
somebody to...
Oh. my goodness.
What have you done there?
What?
Oh. right.
I caught my head when
I was showing off
the house earlier.
Kitchen cupboard got
the better of me.
Least we know they're sturdy.
- That's a really nasty
cut. let me take a look.
- No. no. no.
honestly. it's fine.
It's just me being clumsy.
Oh. if you're sure.
It's no bother. I've got
a first aid kit next door.
- No. I'm all good. thank
you though. that's very kind.
Anyway I'd better
get back to it.
I just want to have a quick
tidy up of the kitchen
before I head off.
- Well if you need a
hand with anything. or...
You know where I am.
I'm Ruth by the way.
- I'm Matilda. you have
a good night. Ruth.
Okay. dear. I won't keep you.
You get home safe.
You too. Ruth!
[tense music]
Ruth?
Yes dear?
[tense music continues]
[fireworks popping]
I hope you get to see
your grandson soon.
- [scoffing] Not unless
I win the lottery.
Night. love.
[tense music]
Lena. just...
Let's get these
lights set up. yeah?
Well go on then.
Run along.
[tense music]
I know it's dark in here.
but I've literally
looked everywhere.
Bastard must've buried it.
I am going to have to dig
up the whole 90 foot garden.
The connect said it's in the
house. not in the grounds.
He was very specific.
Here look. use this.
Try the walls.
I am going to get the
rest of the lights on.
[tense music]
- I don't know what
your looking for
- but I might-
- I don't care.
- I am just saying-
- Don't.
Look. I know this house.
I've been through
every inch of it.
I've seen the paperwork.
Maybe I could help.
How you going to help?
- Tell me what
you're looking for
and I might be able to find it.
You think we're friends now?
Just because you got
rid of the old bird.
- No. I just thought-
- That if you played
nice. we'll let you go?
This is not how this
is going to work.
- Well. there must be
something I can do to-
Get out alive?
[tense music]
Doesn't always go that way.
You know he's going to
make us kill you otherwise.
He's going to make
you kill me anyway.
You know how this goes.
- Well maybe you shouldn't
have fucking snitched.
Oh.
- I mean. come on. an
informant. how stupid is that?
- You don't know
anything about him.
Stuff we are tangled up with.
None of us are getting
out of this alive.
- That's bullshit.
- Listen.
I'm not going to tell anyone.
I haven't seen anything
anyway. I mean. alright fine.
I've seen stuff but. I don't
know what's going on here
and I don't care.
- Look. if you do want to
stay alive I suggest you
just stop talking. okay?
[tense music]
[keypad beeping]
Sneaky little fucker.
Lena?
Lena. get in here!
Find it?
I think it's behind here.
Get her out of here.
Oh. shit.
[tense music]
[hammer banging]
[fireworks popping]
- Smart move. doing
this on Bonfire Night.
Yeah?
I couldn't even hear it.
Good work.
That a compliment?
Don't worry.
I'm not making it a habit.
Right. lets get this box.
[tense music]
- I hope that was worth
taking a bullet for.
Got the code for the safe?
We'll get it on the call.
Did you even read
his instructions?
No. figured you would.
Clearly.
Well. we need to get
the key from in there.
Okay.
Is there anything
in the instructions
about how we get in there?
Don't be a smart ass.
- I'm not. its a
genuine question.
[tense music]
Shit.
Brilliant.
- I feel like you're
messing with me.
I'm not.
There's a knack to it.
Yeah well. it doesn't work.
Obviously not doing it right.
Hello?
- I told her to
keep her mouth shut.
Yep. so did I.
Give me that.
[tense music]
What do you want?
- I'm really sorry
but I need a wee.
Congratulations.
Now who's being brash?
- Well she's doing
my fucking head in.
She needs a wee.
We're killing her anyway.
This will save us
a bathroom break.
Okay. what if the cops come?
Or the neighbor comes back?
She's still got use to us.
Fine. you take her.
I'll get the box open.
[tense music]
Oh.
- What. can't have you
weeing in the dark.
It's fine.
[Lena sighing]
Er. what are you doing?
- Sorry I just. I mean. do you
want to watch me have a wee?
Fine. don't try anything.
[tense music]
I don't hear any
weeing in there.
- Sorry. I can't seem
to go when I'm nervous.
Er. maybe it would help
if we talked a bit.
- Yeah sure. lets. let's
get to know each other.
you on Instagram?
[Matilda] I am actually.
So. I moved to
London when I was 16.
- You're my hostage.
you're not my date.
Why do I give a fuck about that?
So. do you travel much?
Are you for real?
- Sorry. it's just
because I love traveling.
I just have not had
the chance to go.
because I haven't got the money.
I've always fancied
living in Amsterdam.
I like all the bikes.
Ridden a few myself.
Oh. have you been?
Fun fact. the motto
under the sign
of Amsterdam means heroic.
determined and merciful.
not a lot of people know that.
Not a lot of people care.
That's a useless
bit of information
that I am never
going to use. thanks.
You know if this was a date.
I would have
totally left by now!
Matilda?
[doorknob rattling]
Matilda. open this door!
[tense music]
[door banging]
Shit!
[tense music]
She's escaped.
How could she escape?
- I dunno. one minute she
was talking about Amsterdam.
the next minute she was
out the fucking window.
- Why would you be
talking about Amsterdam?
- I don't. that's not
really the point Lena.
You're an idiot.
- Can we just focus
on finding her?
- I told you. we
should have killed her.
- Have you got the
keys for the back door?
[tense music]
Hurry up!
The lock is stuck!
Come here.
[Lena grunting]
[tense music continues]
[door slamming]
[tense music]
[light thudding]
Side access. bitch.
[punch thudding]
[door slamming]
[tense music]
[Matilda grunting]
- That wasn't a
smart move. was it?
Do you think we're
fucking playing?
No.
- You've no idea who we work
for. what they're capable off.
Do you think I won't
fucking kill you?
Do you?
No!
- Then why would you
do something like that?
Tell me!
- I don't know alright.
I was just scared. okay.
Yeah?
You should be.
[gun firing]
Jesus.
The noise. Jack!
What the hell are you doing?
Could you open the lock box?
No.
Now you can.
You are right about her.
Can't be trusted.
No. please.
I'm sorry. I won't
do it again. I swear.
Too bloody right you won't.
I should have done
this straight away.
[Matilda] What?
Hold her still.
No. no please. I'm sorry. no!
[Lena] Pull her hair up.
No. please stop. stop.
Please.
Help.
You good?
[gasping] What is this?
- It's a leaving present.
you want to go so badly.
be my guest.
What does it do?
- Let me make something
clear to you. okay.
I'm not asking.
[tense music]
[tense music continues]
[collar beeping]
[electricity crackling]
- Can't believe they
put those on dogs.
- Not at this
strength they don't.
[tense music]
Be my guest.
Oh. hallelujah.
Easy.
- Right. I'm
calling the connect.
I've got the key.
Great.
[line ringing]
- [Charlie] Do
you have the safe?
Yes sir.
[Charlie] And the key?
Ready to go.
- [Charlie] Input
the code 1979113.
[keypad beeping]
[safe whirring]
What's happening?
Hello?
Can somebody talk to me?
- Sir-
- What did you do?
- [Lena] Jack must have
input the code wrong.
Didn't input the code wrong.
I turned the key
and inputted the code
that he said. exactly-
- I don't know.
- Stop. stop.
- You must have
done it wrong Jack!
Jack. say that again!
- I turned the key. and
then I inputed the code
that you just said.
You turned the key first?
Did you?
You fucking amateur!
Did you not read the
instructions that I sent you?
We did sir.
Shut up Lena.
Jack?
Right. well I will
take that as a no.
Right. well. you are just
going to have to sit there
for the next 10 hours.
10 hours?
Er. yes.
It's an automatic
lockdown safety feature
on most modern safes. if the
codes are entered incorrectly.
which of course you would know.
if you'd read my
fucking instructions!
There has to be a work around?
Way round?
Do you think I would have
orchestrated all of this
if there was a way
round. you idiot!
- With respect. we can't. we
can't hide here for 10 hours.
The police are
doing door-to-doors.
- Well then I suggest you sit
there very still and quiet.
[tense music]
I don't want to hear
from you until morning
when we try again.
And for your sake.
I hope it goes better.
Understood?
- Sir. I-
Well this is a clusterfuck.
You think?
- What are we
supposed to do now?
- Guess we need
to kill 10 hours.
Any suggestions?
Maybe one?
[tense music]
That was a bit excessive.
Thanks.
That wasn't a...
What's your deal
with fire anyway?
It's unforgiving.
Sit.
Not there.
[tense music continues]
Shouldn't one of us
keep a level head?
Probably.
Fuck it!
[tense music continues]
Mmm.
Okay.
[Matilda] I'll pass.
You're fucking drinking it.
Ugh. God. what is it?
It's your medicine.
Alright. can we just...
We've got a few hours to kill.
No harm taking the edge off.
See. she loves it.
It's disgusting.
- Oh. I know. I think she wants
me to get my gun out again.
Fucking drink the drink.
[coughing] That's strong.
- Just relax. and
it will go easier.
What will?
Salvia drops in rum.
Salvia?
Think absinthe on steroids.
[Jack] Hey. we shared.
Say thank you.
Thanks.
[tense music]
Oi.
Think there's anything
else in the safe?
Does it matter?
I'm more intrigued
about the recording.
Ha.
I want to know why he wants to
get his hands on it so badly.
- Well. whatever it is. I suspect
it could kick up a lot of dust.
- We could listen to it.
before we hand if off.
No. that's playing with fire.
Isn't that what you do best?
Don't get carried away.
There's still work to do.
Yeah. I know.
[tense music]
[Lena] What's up?
[Jack] Those people.
- [Lena] Oh. don't
get started with that.
not when you're like this.
- [Jack] What
happened to that kid.
That wasn't part of the plan.
- [Lena] That's never
part of the plan.
You can't focus on that.
We did the job.
We got paid.
Collateral damage.
- [Jack] Fucking hell
Lena. collateral damage?
Do you feel anything?
[Lena] Not for a long time.
- Okay. I'm feeling
pretty high now.
She's going to be
out for a while.
I am going to get a shower.
try level myself out.
Don't kill her!
[dramatic orchestral
electronic music]
[singer vocalizing]
[dramatic orchestral
electronic music continues]
[Charlie] Jack's a liability.
but I expected more from Lena.
- [Jordan] You
heard anything else?
[Charlie] No.
They'll just have to
sit tight till morning.
[Jordan] So do we.
We can wait.
The important thing is
that we have to get back
that recording device. it's
the only thing tying me
to those fires.
Clean slate.
Yes.
Press conference went well.
Better than expected.
Happy Bonfire Night.
[dramatic orchestral
electronic music continues]
[singer vocalizing]
[fireworks popping]
[footsteps thudding]
Where the fuck's Lena?
Er. outside I think.
[Jack] And you didn't run?
Front door's locked.
That looks pretty bad.
Eh?
Your wound.
It's nothing.
- It's been bleeding
since this afternoon.
So?
So you're loosing
a lot of blood.
What do you care?
I don't.
[skin sizzling]
[Jack grunting]
- Right. I'm gonna need
you to help me cauterize
the exit wound.
What?
Come here.
- I have no idea how to-
- You have just
seen me do this one.
- Oh. so that makes
me an expert does it?
Are you actually insane?
I'm a fucking estate agent!
Not a very good one.
- Yep. well today's
not my best day.
You gonna help me with this
or are you still pissed off
I held a gun at you?
- You know you don't always
have to threaten people
with violence to
get what you want.
- I agree. but it does
speed up the process.
I am not threatening you.
I'm asking you nicely.
Fine.
Hold the blade in the flame
till it gets really hot.
Really hot. okay?
You're going to press it
down on the exit wound.
flat across. hard.
- Okay. I'm just
heating the blade.
- It's probably best
if you don't narrate.
[Jack gasping]
- What?
- Your hands are cold.
You're ridiculous.
All right this might
sting a bit okay?
- Mm-hmm.
Okay. ready?
[skin sizzling]
Oh God.
Fuck! [grunting]
Okay. okay.
- Yeah?
- Mmm.
Okay. you are done.
Thank you.
That smell.
Yeah. I hate it.
So. what did she do to him?
- Well. you've seen the
state of the kitchen.
- The neighbor said
his name was Tom?
I think about it sometimes.
When he started
screaming. it didn't.
it didn't even sound human.
[footsteps thudding]
- Think that's enough
chit-chat for now. don't you?
Why don't we go on a nice walk
and you can see all
the pretty fireworks?
[footsteps thudding]
[fireworks popping]
Mmmm.
Stunning. isn't it?
Don't be scared. kitten.
Take it in.
I made us a fire.
Thought it might make
things cozy. hmmm?
What do you think.
Yeah. um. thank you?
- Aw. look who finally
found her manners.
Go on then. I'm
right behind you.
No. it's fine I'm not-
Go on. go warm yourself.
It's a beautiful view
of the fireworks.
Do I have a choice?
No.
[tense music]
[fireworks popping]
[gun cocking]
Fuck.
Fuck!
[tense music continues]
Lena. Lena!
We need to get back inside.
Police are at the
house next door.
they'll be here any minute!
Matilda?
With me.
Put that fire out!
- How the fuck am
I gonna do that?
I don't know.
Work it out!
[tense music]
What should I do?
Get in there!
Okay. stay away
from the windows.
Where's the girl?
Secured.
You get the fire?
Yeah.
Okay. lets go.
[hand knocking on door]
What're you knocking for?
We know it's empty.
Well. I don't know.
Force of habit I suppose.
Some kids might
have broke in or-
- And you think they're
going to answer the door?
Just make yourself useful
and go knock the blue lights
off the car.
I like the blue lights.
You're doing my head in.
[tense music continues]
This is Police Constable Amaya
Foster. is anyone in there?
[tense music continues]
Hello?
Any joy?
Can't see shit.
Ah.
Looks pretty quiet to me.
What do you reckon?
Have a look inside?
- What have I told you
about reasonable grounds?
Don't you recognize this house?
No.
Should I?
The Tom Allans fire.
Oh my god.
What. that was in here?
- Come on. lets move
onto the next house.
[tense music]
[gun thudding]
[Daniels] What was that?
I don't know.
Let's take a look
around the back.
Turn the light off.
Mind your step.
The lights are on in the garden.
- They're solar
powered fairy lights.
Jackie's got some up
around the decking. so...
[tense music continues]
It might help if you tell me
what we're looking for. exactly.
Two assailants. armed.
Could still be in the area.
Sorry. what?
Armed?
- Don't worry. I heard one
of them's wounded anyway.
Oh. right.
What happened?
- Owner took a pop shot
with an unlicensed gun.
Hopefully they find
him dead in a ditch.
How do you know he's a he?
Fair point.
Well. there's nothing in here.
Just a load of decorating stuff.
- Yeah. the neighbor
said they've been having
some work done.
Back on the market
now. apparently.
[Daniels] Oh. right.
[fireworks popping]
[Foster] What is it?
[suspenseful orchestral music]
So is this where it went down?
- Poor bastard was
found. tied up.
charred to a crisp.
Pathologists said
he was still alive
when they lit him up.
That's a nasty way to go.
[suspenseful music]
[fireworks popping]
Fucking hell!
What?
Made me jump.
Obviously.
Let's just do a
sweep of the garden
and head out.
- [Dispatch] Dispatch
controller to car.
Mike Bravo 369 are
you receiving over?
- Receiving you loud and
clear dispatch. go ahead.
- [Dispatch] State zero needed
in Kenmore Crescent. over.
Roger that. dispatch.
On our way.
Oi.
Back in the car.
[tense music]
[engine starting]
[siren wailing]
That was too close.
- We need to stay upstairs
until the time's up.
It'll be safer.
- Yeah.
- Where is she?
Locked in the cupboard.
Under the stairs.
Good. she can stay there.
It'll keep her out of trouble.
Come on.
You go ahead.
I'll just check on her.
[dramatic music]
How you bearing up in there?
- I've rented smaller
places in London.
- [sighing] Well.
get used to it.
Try get some sleep. 'cause
you're not going anywhere. okay?
Room service.
Night. Matilda.
[door slamming]
[dramatic orchestral music]
Romantic.
[Jack sighing]
I'm knackered.
Yeah.
Same.
I'll take the first
watch though. yeah?
You sure.
- Mmm-hmm.
Thanks.
Wake me up if you hear anything.
I'll shut her up myself.
Lena?
Hm?
Don't you ever feel guilty?
Guilt doesn't help anybody.
Are you still going on
about that lab fire?
- No one was
supposed to be there.
You've got to let it go. Jack.
We weren't told there'd be
anybody in the building.
I can only go off the
details we're given.
And to be quite honest with you.
would that have
changed anything?
- Yeah. I would. I'm
not a kid killer.
We are now.
We were just doing
our job. okay?
If anyone should feel guilty.
it's the Connect. not us.
Where's all this coming from?
I don't know.
This house. maybe.
Being here is weird.
after what we did to Tom.
Yeah. and if we didn't.
he would have turned
to the police.
And do you think if
the Connect goes down.
we're not gonna
go down with him?
No.
- And do you really want
to go back to prison?
God. no.
No. never.
Exactly.
Stop overthinking it.
It is what it is.
Yeah.
[tense music]
[birds chirping]
There's this little
bakery. literally.
just around the corner.
How handy is that?
Oh. my god.
Okay. you have to try this.
Here.
Oh. yeah. they did coffee too.
Two sugars. yeah?
[Jack] Yeah. thanks.
Well. this is cozy. isn't it?
You sleep okay. princess?
Oh yeah. it was lovely.
- You know. you should
really eat something.
You're wasting away.
Okay. stop.
What. what is this?
- Er. the most important
meal of the day. obviously.
- No. I mean like
what's with you?
What's going on here?
- Jack. how long have
we worked together?
[Jack] Couple of years. why?
- Well then you should
know. I hate having to kill
on an empty stomach.
No. Lena. wait!
- The safe is going
tho be open in an hour.
we don't need her anymore.
We haven't discussed this.
She's seen our faces.
She knows our names. Jack.
It's too dangerous
to let her live.
even if I wanted to
which. honestly. I don't.
[gun cocking]
Just think about this.
Oh. come on Jack.
I know you've grown fond of
little Polly Pocket here.
but you know I'm right.
And here we are. madam.
[door clicking]
[tense music]
- What do you think?
- Thank you.
What would the neighbors say?
Not very professional. are we?
Am I going to have to have
a word with your manager?
[Ethan] No. miss.
- Oooh. this place
is nice. isn't it?
Airy. bright.
- and the bedroom is-
- Not on the ground floor.
Is this your first viewing?
Who the fuck are they?
- Sounds like Ethan.
- Who?
Girls!
- [Matilda] He
works in my office.
- You little shit. what
the hell is he doing here?
- Girls. seriously. shh.
they're gonna hear you.
- [Matilda] How the
fuck should I know!
- You better watch
your mouth or I'll-
Lena. stop.
Or you'll what?
I'm not fucking
scared of you. Lena.
Oh. that's your mistake.
[electricity crackling]
No!
Stop!
[electricity crackling]
[Jack grunting]
Fuck. fuck!
You're a fucking
bitch sometimes. Lena.
I know!
We should hide upstairs.
Yeah. take that.
Wait for my cue.
Steph. come on.
We don't have a lot of time.
- Your first viewing
doesn't start until 11.
- Now show me.
- Show you?
Where that guy died.
Is it down here?
[tense music]
- [Ethan] You know we
really shouldn't be in here.
[Steph] Why?
You scared?
Of you?
- Maybe a little.
- Oh.
Quick. get her under the bed.
[tense music]
[Jack grunting]
[Steph giggling]
Shit!
My vest. it's on the landing.
[tense music continues]
- And if you follow
me up the stairs.
To the right is
the master bedroom.
And what about through here?
Steph.
- [Steph] Oh. two
bathrooms is it?
- You really need to
work on dirty talk.
I've had no complaints yet.
Now go make yourself
pretty for me.
I just wanna have a nose around.
Yes ma'am.
[tense music continues]
- There's so many
rooms in this place.
Hard to imagine that
just one guy lived here.
It's a bit fancy for a
bachelor pad. don't you think?
What did he do?
[tense music continues]
Ethan. did you hear me?
Ethan!
Ethan. you didn't
leave. did you?
Ethan?
[tense music continues]
This isn't funny.
Ethan.
Well. you didn't waste any time.
Time's money. darling.
Well. in that case...
[tense music continues]
Oh. you like that.
Nothing turns me on
more than a scared
little estate agent.
- [Ethan] I'm not a scared
It's okay.
[Steph moaning]
[phone buzzing]
What? [gasping]
Leave it. Ethan.
I can't.
I'm technically working.
Hello?
[Steph scoffing]
Shh.
What. right now?
Why can't Matilda do it?
[tense music]
Just tell them I'm on my way.
You're gonna have
to get dressed.
Matilda didn't turn
up for work today
so I have to cover her viewing.
What. the new girl?
She's not gonna last long.
- [Ethan] Seriously.
we have to go.
- Bastard.
- Blame the boss man.
- [Steph] Well you
can tell the boss
I'm very sexually frustrated.
[tense music]
[Ethan] Stephanie. come on.
Hang on.
[tense music]
Coming.
[door slamming]
What the hell was that!
- I don't know-
- Did you know they
were coming here?
No. I swear!
- And how the fuck
did they get in?
- There's more than
one copy of the key.
- Oh. oh. oh. you didn't
think to mention that earlier?
Lena!
Enough.
How was she supposed to-
- And you. why the fuck
didn't you secure the locks
from the inside. huuh?
- I could say the
same thing to you!
You son of a bitch!
- Look. there's no point in
the blame game right now.
The most important
thing is that we get out
of this house. okay?
It's time to make the call.
[tense music]
- We should take
care of her. Jack.
Deal with her after.
We can't keep the
Connect waiting.
It's time?
Yeah. it's time.
[tense music]
[safe whirring]
Make the call.
Right.
You stay put.
Don't move a muscle.
[tense music continues]
[phone buzzing]
Has the safe reset?
Yes sir.
Good.
Do you have the key?
Yeah. its in my hand.
- Right. well. let's
keep it there this time.
until the codes are put in.
Ready?
Ready.
Don't fuck it up.
Input the code.
And the code was?
1979113.
[tense music continues]
[safe whirring]
That sounds promising.
[tense music continues]
- That's one hell
of a pension fund.
Is the recording device there?
Yeah. it's here.
Thank fuck for that.
- Do you want the memory
card or the whole device?
Er. er. both!
Is there anything else there?
No. just the recording.
And the girl?
Already dead.
- The car will collect
you in 20 minutes.
[tense music continues]
How much is there?
Right. I think we all
know what's coming next.
Lena!
We don't. we don't
have to do this.
Lena!
[gun firing]
[Matilda gasping]
Why did you do that?
- He's been off his game
for a while and to be honest
all his guilt shit was
really starting to annoy me.
What. so you just killed him?
Yeah. he ran out of use.
You. on the other hand.
you still have a little
bit of value left in you.
Now put the money in the bag.
There's a good girl.
[tense music continues]
Hurry up!
Is that all of it?
Yeah.
And the recording.
Excellent.
Now slide the bag behind you.
[tense music]
Slide the fucking bag.
Oh Christ. turn around.
I don't want to.
Do it!
[tense music continues]
No.
Do it!
Fuck you. Lena!
[Lena grunting]
[high pitch
frequency resonating]
[electricity crackling]
Fuck!
[dramatic music]
Well. kitten. that was
extremely unnecessary.
You know. I really didn't
think you had it in you.
I was gonna make this
painless. but now.
let's just say this all
feels very familiar to me.
You know that's the exact spot
where your little buddy
Jack bured that guy alive.
I doubt that.
Seems more your style.
Well. true. but in
this particular case
I can't take all the credit.
You're saying Jack killed him?
Bravo.
If you must know. the
Connect lost patience.
He wanted Tom to be an
example to anyone else
who tried to double cross him.
[Tom grunting]
- [Tom] I just told
you. I misplaced it.
It's unfortunate. but it's true.
- Always with the
smart comments. Tom.
Look where that's got you.
What. sat in my house?
Oh. fuck me. you're annoying.
Ahh.
She hits harder than
you. just saying.
Really?
Stop lying to us where the
safe is. you little shit.
Oh.
That the best you got?
Do you know what. I never
thought I'd say this.
but you're getting
a little bit soft.
[Tom grunting]
Hey. [whistling]
Okay. listen to me.
Mm.
We've already got the code.
It's a matter of time
before we get the rest.
If you cooperate with us.
we will have a think about
letting you walk out of here.
[Tom laughing]
Now who's lying?
- I mean. walks
a bit optimistic.
You might manage a crawl.
Were you born broken Lena.
or were you just
dropped a lot as a kid?
[Tom screaming]
Fuck!
- Any more wise cracks before
I do the other knee cap?
Look.
This is not getting us anywhere.
- Well I told you he
wasn't gonna talk.
- He will talk. I just need a-
No. we haven't got time.
I'm gonna call the Connect.
[tense music]
Tom.
Tell us where the recording is.
It's in my safe.
- Yes. and where's
the fucking safe?
I fucking forgot.
- You know he's gonna make
us kill you otherwise.
- He's gonna make
you kill me anyway.
You know how this goes.
- Maybe you shouldn't
have fucking snitched.
Oh.
- I mean. come on an
informant. how stupid is that?
- You don't know
anything about him.
The stuff we're tangled up with.
None of us are getting
out of this alive.
That's bullshit.
We're just all loose
ends. all of us.
You and Lena included.
I'm gonna take my chances.
My odds can't be any worse
than yours right now.
- [chuckling] Well. I
can't argue with that.
I'm just tired.
tired of being
disgusted with myself.
The money aint worth
the fallout. you know?
I reckon you're
pretty tired too. pal.
- I'm not gonna take on
a fight that I can't win.
[footsteps thudding]
Lena. what did he say?
What the fuck are you doing?
What the fuck you doing!
[Jack] Lena?
- Fuck.
- Lena?
What are you doing?
What I've been told.
[tense music]
Lena. we don't have to do this.
Lena.
[hammer thudding]
[tense music]
[Tom screaming]
I can't see. fucked up my eye.
- [Lena] Just to let you
know. I'm gonna enjoy this.
- [Tom] Fuck you.
Lena! [grunting]
You're fine. okay?
We have got to
finish this. okay?
The connect wants you to do it.
What?
Those were his instructions.
he said it's got to be you.
Why does it have to be me?
I don't know.
Test of loyalty I guess.
[tense music]
Fuck!
[Tom grunting]
[lighter flicking]
[tense music continues]
Jack. it's either him or us.
and it's not gonna
be fucking us!
[tense music continues]
[Tom] Jack!
Please. don't do this.
Come on. mate.
Please. no!
No! [screaming]
[dramatic orchestral music]
You enjoy it. don't you?
Killing innocent people.
- Oh. you think the guy
we killed was innocent?
That's cute.
No.
No. he used to do
exactly the same as us.
But when our methods
got a little bit more.
lets say for the sake
of argument. extreme.
he wanted out.
It's gonna be excruciating.
I've got to be honest.
Tom squealed like a pig.
Embarrassing.
[Matilda gasping]
Please stop.
No. don't.
- Funnily enough that
is exactly what he said.
You're a psychopath.
Thank you.
I take that as a compliment.
Oh. I would say. it's
been nice knowing you.
but that would be a lie.
Oh. it probably
goes without saying.
but I'm afraid it's gonna
be a no on the house.
[Matilda gasping]
- [lighter clicking]
- Shit.
Oh my God.
[tense music continues]
Oh my God. fuck!
[Lena screaming]
[dramatic music]
You fucking lied to me!
- That wasn't the
response I was expecting.
- What the fuck
is wrong with you?
A simple thank
you would suffice.
You're the one who killed him.
It was you. wasn't it?
[dramatic music]
It's complicated.
You wouldn't understand.
Try me.
[Jack coughing]
The guy we work
for. the connect.
he doesn't fuck about.
So we do the job. and
we take the money.
Sometimes people die.
It's unfortunate. but
it's part of the process.
- God. people don't just die.
alright you talk about it
like it's out of your control.
but you're the one who did it!
You chose to kill Tom.
- That was different.
he was different.
I'm not proud of
any of that shit.
Then why do it?
I didn't have a choice.
Never have.
That's not really true. is it?
You don't know me.
You saved me.
Why?
I had a code. once.
I didn't want to see
another innocent woman die.
- Oh. fucking hell.
that's noble of you.
Has it never crossed your mind
that for every man you kill.
there's a wife at home?
A mother. a sister. a kid
who's life you just destroy
at the same time?
What do you want from me?
Do you want to save me?
- No. I don't really think
there's any saving you.
Hmm.
- I don't even think
you're an evil guy. Jack.
I just don't get what
makes you do this.
Survival.
- There's ways to survive
without killing people.
[dramatic music continues]
Matilda. wh...
Where you going?
Time to go.
No.
No. you need to stay.
Matilda. patch me up.
- What do you think I'm
gonna be able to do. Jack?
You've lost a lot of blood.
I'll be fine.
You need a doctor.
I'll tell the police
to bring an ambulance.
No police!
No police.
I can't go back to prison.
You don't know what
it's like in there.
I can't do it.
Please Matilda.
Please.
[dramatic music continues]
- I'm sorry you were
never given a choice.
Now you have one.
Matilda.
For what it's worth.
I'm well aware of
what I've done.
all the people I've hurt.
No you're not.
[dramatic music continues]
[gun firing]
[dramatic orchestral music]
- [Charlie] I wasn't sure
you'd still be alive.
Is it done?
It's done.
[Charlie] Good.
Jordan is outside. he
will bring you to me.
[dramatic orchestral music]
Well. Isn't this cozy?
Where is he?
[hand knocking on window]
[engine revving]
[door clicking]
[tense music]
Charlie.
Matilda.
Do you have it?
Ahh.
Do you want to
know what's on it?
- I want to know you're keeping
your end of the bargain.
I gave you my word.
- Your word didn't
seem to count for much
when it all went
tits up in there.
I did what I could.
I never said I would
compromise my plan for you.
Things get complicated.
but you were smart.
You held your nerve.
- Yeah well. it was
pretty touch and go.
- Well. it doesn't really
matter now does it.
you got the job done.
I can't tell you how much
I respect you for that.
Oh. I never complete
handovers myself.
What does that tell you?
- That everyone else who
works for you is already dead?
- Matilda darling. this is
going to be very lucrative
for all of us.
My press conference
was a great success.
my competition is quite
literally up in smoke.
We are head of the table.
Once we go to market.
fertility problems
will be a thing of the
past. for some people.
- Oh. you mean the
ones who can afford it?
- Well. let's not
avoid the wider issue.
Birth rates have been
plummeting in decent countries
since the 1960s.
We are on the cusp
of an aging crisis.
The economic ramifications
of that are huge.
Now. there's been a
very competitive race
to finish the formula.
Some other companies
that don't have my. er.
shall we say. foresight.
They'd make these treatments
readily available.
And I can't have that.
Oh. of course.
I mean we can't let the
poor procreate. now can we?
[Charlie] Exactly.
I was being sarcastic.
Why not?
Imagine eradicating
infertility and poverty
at the same time.
- Yeah but I mean.
obviously you can't gamble
with that kind of profit?
But it's not about the money.
It's about creating a future
that won't collapse
in on itself.
I understand.
Good.
And if we have to
crack a few eggs...
The recording.
- You're gonna need a
micro card reader for that.
Yeah.
I know.
- Jack and Lena have
been dealt with.
Police will happily charge
them with the fires.
which means that you
are my only loose end.
I'm trusting you.
Do the right thing and you
will receive regular payments
when we go to market.
- And Matilda-
- I know.
Our relationship doesn't exist.
Oh you are great.
A real find.
You didn't fuck anything up.
But if you do. you'll
wish that you'd died
in that house too.
It's been a pleasure
not knowing you.
Likewise.
So. what do I do now?
- [Charlie] From here you
pick up the original plan.
Call the police.
play the victim.
recite the speech I gave you
about what you
overheard between them.
Case closed. police wise.
You. or should I say we.
will be home and dry.
Hello?
Yep. I need police please.
[tense music]
Matilda Watson is dead.
In fact she's been dead
for over eight years.
So. as someone who
doesn't believe in ghosts.
let's get the most obvious
question out the way.
Who exactly are you?
[tense music]
[hand knocking on door]
Emily.
Sorry. I got held up.
Oh. there's a surprise.
Ah.
[both laughing]
- So how's the
house coming along?
- Well. I've kind of
actually put it on ice.
What?
Thinking about moving out.
You've only just moved in.
Yeah. I know.
I'm just gonna. I don't
know. lay low for a while.
I'm thinking Amsterdam.
Why?
- Well. canals. er.
cycling. architecture.
This isn't funny. Tom.
What have you done now?
- I need you to get me some
information on these guys.
[dramatic music]
- Well you know there's a
thing called Google. right?
- What's the point of
having a tech wizard
for a sister if you can't-
- I can't access
personal files like this.
Yes you can.
Not legally.
What's it for anyway?
Oh god. you're not still
working for that guy?
No. yes.
I mean. it's complicated.
For God sake. Tom.
You promised me you were
done with all that shit.
- I am. I'm just I'm
working for the other side.
They have no idea.
No. you have no idea.
You don't even know
who these people are.
- I'm doing the right
thing. like we talked about.
- I meant. go and
get a normal job.
Not attempt to become
some kind of double agent.
- Em-
- I mean I love you Tom.
but you're a fucking idiot.
- He's dangerous.
okay. the fires.
the people that have died.
it all filters down from him.
I am sure of it.
and if I can get him
this bit of information.
then he will trust me. and
then it means I can get out!
Look I'll. I'll do what I can.
I know you will.
Come here.
Promise me you'll be careful.
[tense music]
- Listen. if anything were
to happen to me. it won't.
but if it did.
the name on the
back. he will help.
What?
[Tom] Emily?
Yeah?
I love you too.
- [Gray] Let me get this
straight. you're Emily Allans?
Tom Allans' sister?
Yes.
You know we recruited Tom
as an informant when we
suspected that Charlie Knight
was responsible for
the arson attacks.
Yes.
- And you used your position
to access confidential data
on Knight's
pharmaceutical rivals
which you leaked
to your brother.
- No. I never
shared it with Tom.
Why not?
- Because he was dead
before I got the chance.
Strange because
he seemed to think
he was under your protection.
- Why didn't you
just bring it to us?
Look. Tom was a lot of things.
made bad decisions. reckless.
got in with the wrong crowd.
but I think maybe for the
first time in his life.
he actually believed he
was doing the right thing.
Being your guy on the inside
and helping the
good guys type shit.
I couldn't let that
be for nothing.
- You just thought you'd
pick up where he left off?
Take the data to Knight. or
the connect as you call him.
'Cause of course that's
a really sensible
and safe thing to do.
Well I wouldn't of had to
if you lot had done
your job better.
Point taken.
Go on.
- I had to make him think
he was approaching me.
not the other way round.
And?
- I paid one of Tom's
dodgy work friends
to drop into conversation
about someone he knew
on the dark web.
Someone who could access
pretty much whatever info
was needed for the right price.
Nice.
- That data was
just the beginning.
I then worked with him
remotely for months.
tracing online footprints
of people of interest.
Other rivals?
Not just his rivals.
What happened with Tom
shook the connects faith
in his whole team.
His own people?
Exactly.
I know more about Jack and Lena
than they could have
possibly imagined.
- Yeah. what was the
plan with Jack and Lena?
I mean surely they
knew too much.
I've been tracking
Knight a while.
he doesn't seem the
most forgiving person.
Well he told them he was
giving them a second chance.
but they'd failed to
retrieve the recording
from Tom once already.
When they retrieved
it this time.
a clean up crew were
coming in to take them out.
My role was to oversee
the operation and deliver
the recording to him personally.
What's taking so long?
I want to get out of here.
- Sorry sir. it's taking
a while to download.
[device beeping]
Finally.
Do you want to hear it?
Play it.
It wasn't hard to get taken on
by the agency
handling Tom's house.
So I could go in with them
when it went back on the market.
But what I didn't plan
for was Jack entering
the safe's code incorrectly.
Then I had to improvise.
Must have been hard for you.
thinking Jack and Lena were
gonna get away with it.
- I guess I had my sights
set higher than them.
It was more about
what I had to do
to get this.
[dramatic music]
- Tell me that's
what I think it is.
- Everything that happened.
it's all recorded on there.
Also. a realtime GPS
signal has been sent
to your dispatch team
with the location
of Charlie Knight.
Just. give me a minute.
[dramatic music continues]
- [Charlie] It was insured.
everybody was covered.
- [Tom] With respect
sir. Lena said you knew
the cleaners were
still in the building.
[Charlie] Yes.
And?
- [Tom] And you told
them to torch it anyway.
[Charlie] Yes I did.
what's with all the
fucking questions. Tom?
Most people got out.
- [Tom] Not the one
with the little kid.
- [Charlie] Fuck sake. it was
a pharmaceutical laboratory.
Not a kindergarten.
Stupid bitch shouldn't have
brought her kid to work.
- Sir. I-
- Enough!
Let me make something
very clear. Tom.
If you question me again-
Now delete it.
You'll be joining them.
[dramatic orchestral music]
Just to let you know.
we are moving on
this straight away.
I take it you've got
Tom's recording too?
No. I gave that to Knight.
Why would you do that?
Because I gave him my word.
And often if people want
something from you badly enough.
when you give it to them.
they can't see anything else.
[dramatic orchestral
music continues]
Wait.
- I said delete it.
- I'm trying.
What the fuck it that?
- It's transferring
to multiple locations.
It won't. it won't delete.
I'm trying to close the program
but it's not responding.
[dramatic orchestral
music continues]
You fucking bitch!
[door banging]
Armed response!
[all shouting]
- You have no idea
what you're starting!
[all shouting]
- [Officer] Hands
behind your back!
[dramatic orchestral music]
- [Matilda] And to guarantee
this didn't get buried
by someone in a
position of power.
as I suspect happens.
DI Gray sends his regards.
- [Matilda] By trying
to delete the evidence.
he's actually just
emailed it to 11
of the top news
editors in the country.
- I've been working
this case a long time
and although your
methods were not-
You're welcome.
- I appreciate
what you have done.
And what your brother did.
We should have looked after
him better and I'm sorry.
- I know you probably
didn't see the best of him.
with all he was involved
with. but actually.
Tom was always very-
He was your brother.
- So now you know I
was involved with Jack
and Lena's deaths.
will I go to prison?
Jack killed Lena.
That was his call.
One question.
Was there anything
else in the safe?
Paperwork?
Valuables?
Money?
Nothing.
Good enough for me.
You?
Yep.
[dramatic orchestral music]
So. about Jack.
We never found his body.
What?
No. he killed himself.
- I-
- You heard the gun. I know.
but you never saw the body.
Look. don't worry.
We will look after you.
We will get you out the country
until all of those involved
are in custody.
Witness protection.
like we should have
done for your brother
Any idea where you want to go?
[upbeat rock music]
[upbeat rock music continues]